Documentation: added running pro tips (#1317)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/esmvaldiag/protips.rst

Insert a single line in the code where you want to enter IPython:
``import IPython; IPython.embed()``

This is a useful functionality because it allows the user to `fix` things on-the-fly and after
quitting the Ipython console, code execution continues as per normal.

Use multiple config-user.yml files
==================================

The user selects the configuration yaml file at run time. It's possible to
have several configurations files. For instance, it may be practical to have one
config file for debugging runs and another for production runs.

Create a symbolic link to the latest output directory
=====================================================

When running multiple times the same recipe, the tool creates separate output directories
sorted by the time tag that they were created at; sometimes, when running quite a few times,
it is not straightforward to detect which one is the `latest` output directory, so a symbolic
link attached to it would make things more clear e.g.:

.. code:: bash

   recipe_example_20190905_163431
   recipe_example_20190905_163519
   recipe_example_LATEST -> recipe_example_20190905_163519

> You can do that by running the tool with a recursive sift attached to it:

Reviewer: What is a 'recursive sift'?

.. code:: bash

>    esmvaltool -c ~/config-user.yml recipe_xxx.yml && \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   esmvaltool -c ~/config-user.yml recipe_xxx.yml; \
```
or it will not work when the run fails..

   ln -sfT $(ls -1d ~/esmvaltool_output/recipe_xxx_* | tail -1) latest

Running a dry run
=================

> You can run in dry-run mode with

Reviewer: This is not available yet..

   INFO    To re-run this diagnostic script, run:

If you run the command in the stdout you will be able to re-run the
diagnostic without having to re-run the whole preprocessor. If you add the ``-f``
argument (available only for Python diagnostics, check your options with ``--help``)
that will force an overwrite, and it will delete not just the failed diagnostic,

> but the contents of it's ``work_dir`` and ``plot_dir`` directories - this useful when needing to

Author: ```suggestion
but the contents of its ``work_dir`` and ``plot_dir`` directories - this is useful when needing to
```
